DOCS-1940: Improves description about a cron job + adds the term to glossary (#1009)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/tools/second-chance/how-does-it-work.md

### External plugins 

> When enabled, the Second Chance email can have a negative result if, for example, you use an external warehouse system. A simple [cron job](https://www.hivelocity.net/kb/what-is-cron-job/) may resolve a conflict between the Second Chance email and a warehouse system. However, it is not a stable solution in all situations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the Second Chance email can have a negative result if, for example, you use an external warehouse system. A simple [cron job](/faq/getting-started/glossary/#cron) may resolve a conflict between the Second Chance email and a warehouse system. However, it is not a stable solution in all situations. 
```
